---
layout: post
title: Journey Into Coding and Early Struggles
---
I recently graduated from NC State with a degree in Economics and was struggling to figure out what exactly I wanted to do. I kept asking myself questions like: Did I want to further my education with graduate school? Was I ready to make a career out of economic? What jobs am I even qualified for with an Economics degree? I didn't have an answer to any of them. I decided I would just work and make a little money while I thought about which path I wanted to take. After a month or so of searching I became an environmental technician for a restoration company. My job was to go inside of crawl spaces in homes, remove and replace insulation, and do mold remediation. It didn't take long for me to realize this wasn't something I wanted to do long-term and began looking for other opportunities.
Luckily, some time around April, a family friend of ours told me about Bloc and introduced me to the coding world. Having no background in coding I was hesitant to jump on the opportunity right away so began to research Bloc, the programs they offer, and what exactly I would be learning. After a couple months of thinking and once my lease was up (I was still up at school because my lease ran into June) I decided to enroll in the Web-development course at Bloc. Once familiar with the command line my first experience with coding was in HTML and CSS. Surprisingly I felt I was able to catch on pretty quickly and was really enjoying everything, from the exercises on bloc to learning new concepts on Code School.
At the beginning of the course it was made apparent that there would be certain concepts or languages throughout that would stump you and make you want to quit. For me, javascript was that language. For whatever reason I was having lots of trouble understanding how to use it and more specifically, how to write functions. No matter how many times I completed the Javascript Roadtrip courses on Code School I still struggling with what seemed like the most basic javascript functions. It honestly almost does make you want to give up at times. But like most new concepts with more practice and the help of a couple books I was able to get better. I am still learning it but I now have a decent level of confidence and comfort using javascript and creating different functions. Coding has taught me that it is most important to keep learning, studying, and challenging yourself.  
