---
layout: post
title: Goals as a Frontend Developer
---
Being completely new to web development my goals at the beginning were very broad and I honestly wasn't entirely sure what my goals should be. My goals were all based on me being able to do something, for example, one goal was to be able to create a website. Now I have goals that are much more specific and have to do with certain aspects of my code or how I want things to look. A couple of my goals also have to do with things I need to improve on. My goals as a frontend developer are:
* Correctly format my code each time
* Make my code easy to ready  
  * Allow other developers to follow and understand what I've done
* Create code with zero bugs or errors
* Create easy-to-use, interactive websites
* Continue to learn
One of the constant problems I have in my code is its format. I tend to just type and not pay attention to where things are going. My mentor at Bloc has expressed the importance of using the correct format. Since I have had a problem with this I try to make this my primary goal each time writing code, as should everyone. My second and third goals piggy-back on the firs one. But in order to be easy to read or developer friendly the code needs to be more than just in the correct format. On top of good format the code shouldn't be overly complex and it should contain appropriate commenting. Other developers should be able to understand my code without doing too much work.
Another problem I ran into was errors in my code. Creating code without errors ensures everything is working properly and makes the code easier to debug if something does happen. As long as there are no errors the code should meet the next goal in creating an easy-to-use website.
Outside of the code itself, continuing to learn is an important goal of mine. Everyone says coding is always changing. This is why it is important to keep learning.
